# Term Project

## Project Description

This project aims to create an arithmetic expression parser component in C++. The primary objective is to systematically develop this parser and deliver it, along with its related documentation, by May 7th, 2026.

While the core of this project consists of creating the parser demonstrating the functionality will also require computing the output of entered expressions. Input for this project will be taken from the CLI, and output will also be delivered to the CLI representing the output of the artihmetic input by the user.

In summary the project will be able to:  
1. Take an input
2. Convert the input into appropriate tokens.
3. Run correct calculations based on the tokens.
4. Output the results
5. Gracefully handle any errors.

## Building Project

### VSCode
Ensure CMake is installed, and command cmake is on path. An easy way to verify this is by running ```cmake --version```. If it returns
some version number, you are ready to go.

Run ```cmake -B build```, to create the build directory. Then, run ```cmake --build build``` to build into the build directory. In ./build, you will find the executables to run the program.

### CLion
CLion comes prepackaged with CMake, Ninja, and various other programs which make compilation easy. In the root directory, right click CMakeLists and select ```Load CMake Project```. In the top left, you can select configurations and run via the build/run/debug buttons given.

## Documentation

### Main Branch Documentation

Doxygen code is generated by a GitHub action on a push/PR to the main branch. This documentation is hosted on the project pages at
[AAP Documentation](https://348-team-2.github.io/Advanced-Arithmetic-Parser/).

### Generating Your Own Documentation

Code documentation is fully done using Doxygen. A pre-configured `Doxyfile` already exists in the repo.
Install Doxygen either via the binary installer on Windows: [Doxygen website](https://www.doxygen.nl/download.html), 
or run `sudo apt-get install doxygen` on Linux. Open terminal, navigate to the root directory of the project (you will
see Doxyfile), and run 
```bash 
 doxygen Doxyfile
```
You will find the command generate an html/ and latex/ folder in your project root. Open html/index.html to view the 
documentation.

### Project Documentation

General project documentation is held in this table.

| Document                             | Path                                          |
|--------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------|
| Programming Guidelines               | `\doc\SPD-GUIDE-xxxx-xx-xx.pdf`               |
| Setup Guide                          | `\doc\SDP-SETUP-xxxx-xx-xx.pdf`               |
| Software Development Plan            | `\doc\SDP-PLAN-xxxx-xx-xx.pdf`                |
| Software Development Process         | `\doc\SDP-PLAN-xxxx-xx-xx.pdf`                |
| Software Requirement Specification   | `\doc\SDP-SRS-xxxx-xx-xx.pdf`                 |
| Software Architecture Document       | `\doc\SDP-SAD-xxxx-xx-xx.pdf`                 |
| Test Cases Document                  | `\doc\SDP-TC-xxxx-xx-xx.pdf`                  |
| Use Case Modeling                    | `\doc\USE-CASE-MODEL-xxxx-xx-xx.svg`          |
| Pull Request Template                | `\.github\PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md`           |
| Bug Report Template                  | `\.github\ISSUE_TEMPLATES\bug_report.md`      |
| Feature Request Template             | `\.github\ISSUE_TEMPLATES\feature_request.md` |
| Meeting Notes                        | `\doc\meetings\*`                             |
